In today's online world,
security is a major concern for virtually everyone on the Internet,
and consider the reasons why attacks directed at point of
sale system resulted in over one billion credit cards being stolen in a single year.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation, the FBI,
has a top priority to protect the United States
against cyber-based attacks and high technology crimes.
What is cyber security?
According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology,
also known as NIST,
it's the prevention of damage to, protection of,
and restoration of computers, electronic communication systems,
electronic communication services, wire communication, and electronic communication,
including information contained therein to ensure its availability,
integrity, authentication, confidentiality, and nonrepudiation.
Throughout this course, you'll gain an understanding of
ways to make your data, your computers,
your devices, like your laptops, your tablets,
smartphones, and networks all secure.
This course presents a basic introduction to practical computer security
for all types of users to reduce cyber risks to you,
your organization, and community.